.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, before:

Thank you for submitting a contribution to Apache NiFi Fluid Design System.

In order to streamline the review of the contribution we ask you
to ensure the following steps have been taken:

### For all changes:
- [ ] Is there a JIRA ticket associated with this PR? Is it referenced
     in the commit message?

- [ ] Does your PR title start with either NIFI-XXXX or NIFIREG-XXXX where XXXX is the JIRA number you are trying to resolve? Pay particular attention to the hyphen "-" character.

- [ ] Has your PR been rebased against the latest commit within the target branch (typically master)?

- [ ] Is your initial contribution a single, squashed commit?

### For code changes:
- [ ] Have you ensured that a full build is executed via npm build at the root nifi-fds folder?
- [ ] Have you ensured that the full suite of tests is executed via npm test at the root nifi-fds folder?
- [ ] Have you written or updated unit tests to verify your changes?
- [ ] Have you written or updated the Apache NiFi Fluid Design System Demo application to demonstrate, provide examples of usage, and to verify your changes?
- [ ] If adding new dependencies to the code, are these dependencies licensed in a way that is compatible for inclusion under [ASF 2.0](http://www.apache.org/legal/resolved.html#category-a)?
- [ ] If applicable, have you updated the LICENSE file, including the main LICENSE file under nifi-fds?
- [ ] If applicable, have you updated the NOTICE file, including the main NOTICE file found under nifi-fds?

### For documentation related changes:
- [ ] Have you ensured that format looks appropriate for the output in which it is rendered?

### Note:
Please ensure that once the PR is submitted, you check travis-ci for build issues and submit an update to your PR as soon as possible.

### Reviewers, please perform the following in order to validate the changes:
- [ ] Checkout the gh-pages branch.
- [ ] Open the package.json file in the root nifi-fds folder and in the dependencies property edit the nifi-fds module to point to the pull request under review by replacing the user name, repository name, and branch name to the appropriate values for the PR.
     Ex. To point to the Apache NiFi FDS master branch replace the user, repository, and branch name in the string git+https://github.com/USER_NAME/REPO_NAME.git#PR_BRANCH_NAME to:
            "nifi-fds": "git+https://github.com/apache/nifi-fds.git#master"
- [ ] ‘npm start’ in the root nifi-fds folder and verify the UI/UX in a browser.

Commit message:

[NIFIREG-168] include webapp in src to facilitate local build and review process

.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, after:

Thank you for submitting a contribution to Apache NiFi Fluid Design System.

In order to streamline the review of the contribution we ask you
to ensure the following steps have been taken:

### For all changes:
- [ ] Is there a JIRA ticket associated with this PR? Is it referenced
     in the commit message?

- [ ] Does your PR title start with either NIFI-XXXX or NIFIREG-XXXX where XXXX is the JIRA number you are trying to resolve? Pay particular attention to the hyphen "-" character.

- [ ] Has your PR been rebased against the latest commit within the target branch (typically master)?

- [ ] Is your initial contribution a single, squashed commit?

### For code changes:
- [ ] Have you written or updated unit tests to verify your changes?
- [ ] Have you ensured that a full build and that the full suite of unit tests is executed via npm run clean:install at the root nifi-fds folder?
- [ ] Have you written or updated the Apache NiFi Fluid Design System demo application to demonstrate any new functionality, provide examples of usage, and to verify your changes via npm start at the nifi-fds/target folder?
- [ ] If adding new dependencies to the code, are these dependencies licensed in a way that is compatible for inclusion under [ASF 2.0](http://www.apache.org/legal/resolved.html#category-a)?
- [ ] If applicable, have you updated the LICENSE file, including the main LICENSE file under nifi-fds?
- [ ] If applicable, have you updated the NOTICE file, including the main NOTICE file found under nifi-fds?

### For documentation related changes:
- [ ] Have you ensured that format looks appropriate for the output in which it is rendered?

### Note:
Please ensure that once the PR is submitted, you check travis-ci for build issues and submit an update to your PR as soon as possible.
